Liu Hongtao let him go
Zhiyuan, why are you here?
Did Yan Ziqi let your compatriots give up?
That's right, when I received the emergency call from Jiangnan
Don't feel right
You let me do it myself
I'll let Zhiyuan come
Liu Hongtao
I have the evidence against you
You can get your sentence reduced if you get caught now
Impossible I don't believe in bullshit practice
Yan Zhiyuan, why did you specifically oppose me?
Mr. Yang took him off for me
Mr. Liu, there are many of them.
I don't think you should shut up
Let me go
let go
Stop me
Liu Hongtao, my sister has trusted you so much for so many years
You actually avenge your kindness and want his life
Are you still human?
Leave it alone for now. I was seriously injured in front of my house.
It's already made an appointment, you still have the air traffic control and others
You'd better take care of your own little
Fate to report you tell me
Who is the biological daughter?
I want to know who your biological daughter is
Tell these law enforcement people to get out of here
Sister, don't scold him, I know who your daughter is